all right it's just off time
per barrel
dude it you know notice whenever I'm
driving around it's never nighttime so I
could never get that girl the girl the
nightclub and the whole time I did go
there she wasn't fucking there
do you want to do it I do want to do
their mission well together there when
I'm there
huh hi dies huh
alright let's see what this is you tell
him I don't care a bit a billion dollars
is chump change what is a billion
dollars by anyway today doesn't even buy
a million dollars ha ha no you tell him
that you tell him
Yusuf Amir is speaking you're a gold for
that name does mean something in this
town one second hello excuse me hello
hello who is this
Papa Papa how are you
yes Papa present is a gift oh no you
didn't pay for it I did but well I
didn't pay for it so you didn't
but Papa it's complicated I miss you
papa I do yes I'm close to closing the
deal the biggest tower you're going to
be so proud it wasn't the buy the
biggest irony you're too much spending a
month but it was necessary but Papa no
that's not fair no no Papa they're not
prostitutes sir then loose women hello
papa
hey my friend the whole conversation
chopper what's wrong man
no it's my father okay cover's blown can
be tough me
he's a very conservative man he doesn't
understand what I'm doing here
thinks my life is one long party
reckless porgy of sex drugs and spending
I did I worked my fingers to the bone to
the bone you know last week I got
exhausted
test-driving sexy cars I had to fly to
Vice City and bang bitches for two weeks
just to recover I'm a workaholic man a
walk a holic homie yeah every that mean
now I have to meet Adam and his brother
take a business meeting and I love those
guys they're like family but God is
going to exhaust me I was there
these guys they're always going on about
how rich they are they're very um what's
the word um tacky no taste
I love those guys but seriously come on
okay well I guess I'll see you later
then no no no no
hey you're coming with me baby you need
to hang around uh-uh
act like with friends shit we are
friends baby make up the we got shit
going down going down my nigga ball
therefore it's bounce baby ha when I say
bounce I don't mean bouncing literally
this mean I know what it means but I'm
from the street meaning you walk but if
you don't get that it's a bit like a
roll then you have to roll rolling
Oh
I know that man - and something is afoot
is acting like a bitch - I can't figure
out why maybe nothing I've got the sixth
sense for this shit
do you mind going up to observation
Congress go to the 1st April and
observation their clubs awesome that's
friggin awesome
oh man I'm excited now this is sweet
this is fucking sweet I've been to the
Empire State Building yeah this looks
just like it oh this is cool
nice
Gomi I'm ed look at this fucking amazing
looks just like the Empire State
Building
wait a minute I don't like where is this
fucking guy he's inside but I can't go
inside
what the fuck there they are
follow right here
I made Louis my man where's you sit
what's going on bro
well I mean what's going on Jill homeboy
look at the real estate all right Larry
you said he'd be here yeah what's wrong
with you man
yo what's going on oh shit holy shit oh
god damn that was sick you couldn't
really do that the Empire State Building
cuz they have nets everywhere but that
was sick
holy shit